bpo-29842: Make Executor.map less eager so it handles large/unbounded… (#18566)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2019-05-06-12-49-21.bpo-29842.Tw-ETh.rst

> Executor.map no longer creates all futures eagerly prior to yielding any
> results. This allows it to work with huge or infinite iterables without
> consuming excessive resources or crashing, making it more suitable as a drop
> in replacement for the built-in map. Patch by Josh Rosenberg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`concurrent.futures.Executor.map` no longer eagerly creates all futures prior to yielding any
results. This allows it to work with huge or infinite :term:`iterable` without
consuming excessive resources or crashing, making it more suitable as a drop
in replacement for the built-in :func:`map`. Patch by Josh Rosenberg.
```
